.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH JARVIS 8 "October 18, 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
jarvis \- RESTful web-service with no coding required
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jarvis
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page briefly introduces the
.B jarvis
system.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.B jarvis
is a standalone server script which provides HTTP access to any
SQL-based database known to the Perl DBI library.  You can implement an
simple front end for secure, web-based (SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE)
access to any database table by writing SQL statements with no code required.

For enhanced features you can write Perl "plugins" and "hooks" to suppliment
SQL functionality, and to add generic back-end enhancements such as auditing.

Jarvis can be used with any HTTP client.  It has been extensively tested with
jQuery, ExtJS and Flex clients in all major browsers.  An extensive PDF
documentation manual is provided.  It contains the package change log, and
how to integrate Jarvis with your web-based client software.  A complete
client/server demo is also included.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR perl (1),
.BR apache2 (8).
.br
Installation and configuration of the Jarvis system is described by the
associated document
.IR "Working with Jarvis" ,
provided in the file "jarvis_guide.pdf".
.SH AUTHOR
jarvis was written by Jonathan Couper-Smartt <jarvis@nsquaredsoftware.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Jonathan Couper-Smartt <jarvis@nsquaredsoftware.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
